col de la lombard alone the name
now on the tongue like white
truffle from Piedmont for
Motorcyclist presents himself
Lombardy but also as an exciting
tidbit
who on his tour from Italy to
france or elsewhere in search
after adventuring is should the col
de la lombarde in any case under the
Wheels 42 miles often single lane
completely tarred little traffic as well
sweep and his team as far as the eye
passes quietly around bada presents itself
as a first-class motorcycle route
otherwise only from the pictures
bypass
So let's face the Italian
like radio up to the pass on
2,300 51 meters
Here is the power of nature
scree and rocks characterize the scenery
on
is at main actor moment 8 after
It's a short stopover
down the valley towards isola 2000
record low
which in the snow-free time
leave and scary looks the whole
but also offers an advantage for you
can then be in two lanes
developed pass kilometers pretty much
enjoys alone
the passes then finally at the end
a small paved sprays are
through the beautiful place the solar
the special feature here
The street is right up to the house walls
Paved it comes a bit
tunnel feeling on, however, with
natural light from above and colorful
walls on the sides